README.md, before:

# Akka LDAP
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/pt.tecnico.dsi/akka-ldap_2.12.0-RC1/badge.svg?maxAge=604800)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/pt.tecnico.dsi/akka-ldap_2.12.0-RC1)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/java/pt.tecnico.dsi:akka-ldap_2.12.0-RC1/badge.svg?style=plastic&maxAge=604800)](https://www.versioneye.com/java/pt.tecnico.dsi:akka-ldap_2.12.0-RC1)
[![Reference Status](https://www.versioneye.com/java/pt.tecnico.dsi:akka-ldap_2.12.0-RC1/reference_badge.svg?style=plastic&maxAge=604800)](https://www.versioneye.com/java/pt.tecnico.dsi:akka-ldap_2.12.0-RC1/references)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ist-dsi/akka-ldap.svg?branch=master&style=plastic&maxAge=604800)](https://travis-ci.org/ist-dsi/akka-ldap)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/a45627dd46e5471db544e3b21b39489e)](https://www.codacy.com/app/IST-DSI/akka-ldap)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/a45627dd46e5471db544e3b21b39489e)](https://www.codacy.com/app/IST-DSI/akka-ldap)
[![Scaladoc](http://javadoc-badge.appspot.com/pt.tecnico.dsi/akka-ldap_2.12.0-RC1.svg?label=scaladoc&style=plastic&maxAge=604800)](https://ist-dsi.github.io/ldap/latest/api/#pt.tecnico.dsi.ldap.Ldap)
[![license](http://img.shields.io/:license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

`akka-ldap` is ...

[Latest scaladoc documentation](http://ist-dsi.github.io/akka-ldap/latest/api/).

## Install
Add the following dependency to your `build.sbt`:
```sbt
libraryDependencies += "pt.tecnico.dsi" %% "akka-ldap" % "0.4.1"
```
We use [semantic versioning](http://semver.org).

## Usage

## Configurations

## Testing

## License
`akka-ldap` is open source and available under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Release for Scala 2.12.0 (#1)
* Update to Scala 2.12.0
* Bump travis version
* Upgrade to Scala 2.12.0-RC2
* Remove force_host_vm from Vagrantfile
* Update osixia/openldap image to 1.1.6
* Update sbt-coverage and sbt-codacy-coverage
* Remove code from build.sbt
* Update README for Scala 2.12.0
* Bump Scala version in .travis.yml
* Remove more unused code from build.sbt
* Upgrade ldap version to 0.4.1

README.md, after:

# Akka LDAP
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/pt.tecnico.dsi/akka-ldap_2.12.0/badge.svg?maxAge=604800)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/pt.tecnico.dsi/akka-ldap_2.12.0)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/java/pt.tecnico.dsi:akka-ldap_2.12.0/badge.svg?style=plastic&maxAge=604800)](https://www.versioneye.com/java/pt.tecnico.dsi:akka-ldap_2.12.0)
[![Reference Status](https://www.versioneye.com/java/pt.tecnico.dsi:akka-ldap_2.12.0/reference_badge.svg?style=plastic&maxAge=604800)](https://www.versioneye.com/java/pt.tecnico.dsi:akka-ldap_2.12.0/references)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ist-dsi/akka-ldap.svg?branch=master&style=plastic&maxAge=604800)](https://travis-ci.org/ist-dsi/akka-ldap)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/a45627dd46e5471db544e3b21b39489e)](https://www.codacy.com/app/IST-DSI/akka-ldap)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/a45627dd46e5471db544e3b21b39489e)](https://www.codacy.com/app/IST-DSI/akka-ldap)
[![Scaladoc](http://javadoc-badge.appspot.com/pt.tecnico.dsi/akka-ldap_2.12.0.svg?label=scaladoc&style=plastic&maxAge=604800)](https://ist-dsi.github.io/ldap/latest/api/#pt.tecnico.dsi.ldap.Ldap)
[![license](http://img.shields.io/:license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

`akka-ldap` is ...

[Latest scaladoc documentation](http://ist-dsi.github.io/akka-ldap/latest/api/).

## Install
Add the following dependency to your `build.sbt`:
```sbt
libraryDependencies += "pt.tecnico.dsi" %% "akka-ldap" % "0.4.1"
```

`akka-ldap` is available for Scala **2.12.0**.

We use [semantic versioning](http://semver.org).

## Usage

## Configurations

## Testing

## License
`akka-ldap` is open source and available under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
